https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tTogmUzjIurMJ5g3raQ2ISI7Ge2a3S5LvpGY-QqgQco/edit?usp=sharing



Flower Exercise Final Worksheet
Petal #1: Most Valued Knowledge and Fields of Interest
1.Multitasking and learning new things. Project Management. 
2. Working in a team setting and having growth.
3. Woodworking and playing instruments. 
Petal #2: People (managers, teammates, users)
1. Ideal manager: A leader who’s helpful, treats you with respect, and values your opinion and growth professionally. 
2. Ideal team: Treat others with respect and value their ideas. All working towards the common goal. 
3. Approach to working with and for users: Wanting to better people's lives in one form or another. Being a helpful employee and team member. 
Petal #3: Transferable Skills
Top transferable skills:
1.Follow through, get things done
2.Design, use artistic abilities, be original
3.Analyze, break down into its part
4.Make, produce, manufacture
5.Design

Industries that align:
1. Tech industry
2. Music/event industry 
3. Exercise or leisure.
Petal #4: Culture & Working Conditions
1. I do not work well in places where people are put down or bullied
2. I do not thrive in a place where I cannot grow. 
3. I work well in a team setting and where we problem solve together
4. A good work life balance so I could have time to recharge. 
5. A place where I can grow, learn, and improve my professional skills. 
Petal #5: Top Places to Live
Top 3 markets/regions you’ll target in your job search:

Denver, Colorado 
Chicago, Illinois 
Anywhere remote. 

Petal #6: Salary & Level of Responsibility
I would like a medium set of responsibility until I feel a little more confident in my role. 
I would like to learn under someone who has been in the field for a while and wants to help me grow. 
I would be happy with 60K to start out with. It’s more than I was making in my previous job, and I think it's a good place to start. 

Petal #7: Values & Goals
Mission statement:I strive to grow, change, and adapt throughout my whole professional career with the mindset that you never stop learning. I want to challenge myself to learn more from others, be open to new ideas, and think outside the box. I value nature and the outdoors, creating and designing new things, and always looking for the silver lining in things. I want those ideals to transfer over into what I will do professionally. 

Industries that align with it: Exercise and leisure, Tech and communications, and music and event planning. 

